Yeah.
So let's call it.
And in the previous example, I took example of a segment, but in this case we can take an example
of one victory.
And maybe I'll also do one more problem in which I can fix possible eight cosmetic as possible.
Although we have already seen in LCA like you want to calculate LCA, we can use table eight, but let's
just.
All this using French victory rate.
So some of you might be wondering, because of here, we have to take maximum rate.
We have reading maximum of a particular range and then at plus one do it so.
What we can do here is that, as you know, for any element, I want the maximum of the prefix that
means on the whatever is on the left of the prefix to complete.
And we cannot, you know, we cannot use Fenwick trees, we cannot use fen victory, which is to get
all binding text for you.
We cannot use them for maximum and minimum queries.
We should not use them generally.
Maximum minimum wages for a range because it does not support it.
But we can use defend victory for some prefix of things, right?
I mean, we cannot do it for a range, but we can do it for the prefix of things.
So some of you already might know this because you have seen the structure of enmity or if not just.
Because it's in your mind that you can always find victory for the minimum and maximum.
Always using military aid.
But what if the if the queries for prefixes, then you can always use it.
Well, so let's move to the code.
So this is my normal phone victory and I landslide it by end in itself.
Initially, I'll fill it with zero because now we have to find a maximum rate.
Let me updated with maximum.
Maximum to whatever is the maximum, it will just give you the maximum and return back full.
So initially I'll fill it with zero.
And on the update, also what I can say is, yeah, this will work.
So this is a normal fan retrieve which will work for the prefixes, minimum and maximums.
So let me initialize it and let's call it etch its bus and do it and before.
And let's take and.
And.
And it's the big daddy that we have.
Who?
I'm tired of digging in input again and again.
Well.
And finally, we just initialize this family.
What it will do is it will go to in return and it will just initialize things for us.
Good.
And after this, let's move ahead.
Yeah.
But before moving ahead, what we need to do is we need to go in.
In order.
We need to go to the smallest.
The index, which has the smallest element first.
So to make that, let's take some beers.
Let's stick up here.
Ready?
And it's got to be in.
And as part of the period we will be completed.
A period, nothing more.
Diego, I hope this works.
If not, yeah, it looks cool.
And after this, I would simply say sort become a blessing.
I just started how it been started with firstly start on the basis of the values and we are also keeping
the indexes.
So we will get all the indexes lined up according to the values, correct.
Now what we can do is we can simply iterate over this very.
So let's let's call the bell value and that will be nothing would be taught first rule and what will
be the index on which this value skipped.
It is nothing but b I wrote back in full and I'm going from 0 to 1.
That means I'm going in an increasing order rate and we need to calculate some DB area value within
three.
So let's calculate some epi and or we can also use lesson eight.
Initially a layer should be filled with zeros, but never mind, we don't want it to be filled with
zeros initially because we know our Fenwick tree is initially filled with zeros on.
What we can do here is we can simply say that I like this index because we are updating the index.
Not I remember this.
It's important in updating those indexes only.
Right.
So I simply say layers of indexes, nothing but whatever this friend victory has to give me is the query
function.
Yes, these are very.
It just equity still index minus one.
Correct.
So.
It will just go to retail index minus one.
That means from prefix that is starting from index zero to index minus one.
It will just tell me whatever is the minimum value that is there plus one.
That's what I actually wanted.
And finally, what I'll do is I'll simply update.
Update that in nixing the family now now let's see how to update X and the value actually just pass
the index it on this index just updated with the.
Well, you.
Oh, okay.
Not this value.
Actually, the value is this the value that we have calculated.
So actually, we don't want these values.
We just want the sorted index orders.
But it's fine.
So it's just similar to the biggest problem.
Query, object, query, object, query, update.
And in this vein, by going in and order, we can maintain the dacorum basically.
Eight.
The decorum that we need to finally.
What is the place?
So.
Okay.
Not the minority actually taking the maximum.
So what if I have said minimum in middle?
But finally, why did we lose?
I just want whatever is the maximum value in the whole R3, starting from n, minus one and minus until
zero.
Tell me, what is the equity?
What is the maximum value of the place?
So in this case, I can see the maximum value of the places, right?
So we can see it over here that it is five and returns on 40.
Also what you can do is you can print this whole laser printed laser.
But it.
Also.
So this is I think this is the value that we need to do two, three or four, four, three, five,
four, five the last five years over here.
I hope the advance Judas exiting is making sense because now you can see what is in and complexity of
this update operation.
It is log and.
And this query operation is also.
Lock and rate and in initiative and victory, which is nothing but an operation.
I'm just resizing a vector here.
After that, I thought, this very much is up here.
So it is again and again.
Any luck and testing is taking place over here after they're industry trading.
And in each of these and iterations, what I'm doing is I'm grading, which is log and operation and
updating, which is again a log in operation.
But overall the complexity of the very becomes, the code becomes and log and just like the previous
examples, um, so I hope this is very clear, this is just a short way of calculating.
Alice in and Logan.
So I have a follow up problem for you.
Why don't you try and find out the inversion ground in an altitude using the same approach?
You got it in verging on what we wanted to be one perennial.
I want to find out how many elements are there which are on the left of it and which are greater than
it.
So in the two finding merging on properly, you can sort it.
Emails or diaries, but nobody wanted.
You want the more of elements a greater penetrate for that what you have to do is you just have to sergeant
in the reverse order, in the decreasing order and then keep on updating and then keep on taking some
from the left just giving you a hint.
But please try the.
Inversion count problem.
If you haven't inversion count, it's not deep, but it is very handy.
Thank you, everyone.
In the next.